Add missing information linked_data (#417)
akeneo/pim-api-docs: content/concepts/products.md

 - `LOCALE_CODE` is the code of a locale when the attribute is localizable, should be equal to `null` otherwise. [Check some examples here.](#the-locale-and-scope-format)
 - `CHANNEL_CODE` is the code of a channel when the attribute is scopable, should be equal to `null` otherwise. [Check some examples here.](#the-locale-and-scope-format)
 - `DATA_INFORMATION` is the value stored for this attribute for this locale (if attribute is localizable) and this channel (if the attribute is scopable). Its type and format depend on the attribute type. [Check some examples here.](#the-data-format)

>  - `LINKED_DATA` containing labels if the attribute is an attribute option (only available in Serenity). [Check some examples here.](#the-linked_data-format)

Reviewer: Attribute can't "be" an attribution option. It can "have". But I would rephrase this way:
```suggestion
 - `LINKED_DATA` containing labels if the attribute is a simple or multi select. [Check some examples here.](#the-linked_data-format) This property if for now, only available in Serenity.
```

>  - `LINKED_DATA` containing the attribute option labels if the attribute is a simple or multi select. [Check some examples here.](#the-linked_data-format) This property if for now, only available in Serenity.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
 - `LINKED_DATA` containing the attribute option labels if the attribute is a simple or multi select. [Check some examples here.](#the-linked_data-format) This property is for now, only available in Serenity.
```

::: panel-link Want to update product values? [Here you go!](/documentation/update.html#update-product-values)
:::

### The `linked_data` format
::: availability versions=Serenity editions=CE,EE
:::

The sections below describe the format of the `linked_data` property for `pim_catalog_simpleselect` and `pim_catalog_multiselect` types.

#### Simple select attribute

> Whenever the attribute type is `pim_catalog_simpleselect`, the `linked_data` field must contain an array.

Reviewer: Is this really an array? I see an object, but not an array.

> Whenever the attribute's type is `pim_catalog_simpleselect`, the `linked_data` field should contain an array.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Whenever the attribute type is `pim_catalog_simpleselect`, the `linked_data` field must contain an array.
```

**Example**
```json
{
  "values": {
    "main_color": [
      {
        "data": "black",
        "linked_data": {
          "attribute": "color",
          "code": "black",
          "labels": {
            "en_US": "Black",
            "fr_FR": "Noir"
          }
        }
      }
    ]
  }
}
```

#### Multi select attribute

> Whenever the attribute type is `pim_catalog_multiselect`, the `linked_data` field must contain an array.

Reviewer: Same here.

> Whenever the attribute's type is `pim_catalog_multiselect`, the `linked_data` field should contain an array.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Whenever the attribute type is `pim_catalog_multiselect`, the `linked_data` field must contain an array.
```
